---
layout: post
title:  No. 3
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I believe that there is no one perspective. I believe that people should be open-minded to all perspectives. A general guideline is to be as happy as possible, because you never know when it'll be taken away. Make the most even of the smallest things.

2. I’m not yet successful. Being successful is having that one predominant goal in life and accomplishing it. Your perspective changes as you get older. And, the definition of success changes with your perspective, so I feel like the older you get, you don’t actually get to achieve your initial goal unless you make yourself stick to it. When people grow up during high school, college, everybody has visions, but everybody settles more or less for the same way of living.  I want to contribute something to this world, with meaning, that will be remembered for generations. I want to make sure that my life was more special than these masses, to put out more than the majority of people.

3. One goal is obviously to reach that success, another is to, when I look back at my life, be proud of it. It’s not so much that I don’t want any regrets. I want to really know that I’ve lived my life to the point where I couldn't have squeezed any more out of it. It’s very cliche, but you want to make sure that you’re happy. Of course you’re going to have your down moments, but when you look back at your life you want to see that you’ve lived it for yourself, and not somebody else’s idea, so that what you’ve done is what you were truly passionate about.