---
layout: post
title:  No. 13
date:   2015-02-23
categories: 
---

1. [Gears are working] I'm goint to try to be succinct. There's a lot of truth to the cliched phrase, "people make their own meaning", but people generally are pretty similar. They generally respond pretty similarly to circumstances, and if you extrapolate from lots of people's values you get a set of shared and consistent values. So, we live in a physical universe, presided over by a bunch of physical rules that we are geting closer and closer to finding out, but ultimately the things the matter are things that are defined by humans. Some of those revolve around our curiousity, finding out things. But other values have to do with being with poeple, especially family. Also, accomplishment and helping. I also have my own set of values that probably matter, but not as much.

2. So, I don't think that success is some overall life state. I think that we have lots of different goals, and we're moving towards lots of different goals at the same time, at different speeds. So for me, it's important for me to have my bases covered: being in a stable place financially, feeling good about the work that I'm doing, feeling like I'm doing a good job in my relationships. But I don't think that there's some life state that means success. I generally feel pretty successful.

3. Have fun, help people, maybe not in that order. Yeah, I'm particularly interested in making sure that people in the future have better institutions, particularly around education, because it's a core part of how people form their identity. Other life goals... spend more time in places that are warm, with people that are smart, and who I like. That's pretty pretty important. I'll know when I see, I don't know my life goals yet. It's a lot of daily direction, looking for local optima, assuming that those lie along the path of global optima.