---
layout: post
title:  No. 2
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I think the most important question for anyone to ever answer is, on what basis are you going to make your decisions. For a lot of people that translates to “what do you believe in” or “what’s important to you”. It really boils down to what determines how you make your decisions - in what you believe, in what you think, in what you do. I don’t think I’m 100% unique in this, obviously, but you know, God’s moral standard is what I want to be a determining factor in how I live. I’ve done a lot of looking for a moral standard, and I’ve found God’s moral standard to be in the Bible. I believe everything and everyone has a purpose, and a purpose greater than just what we make it out to be. A designer, a creator, is, I would say, self-evident, to put it bluntly - it’s obvious. I think everything works towards that end -accomplishing the purpose for which it was made. Then you ask the question - what is that purpose? The answer to that I find in the Bible. I haven’t found those answers anywhere else.

2. I’m gonna have to say, (as I mentioned before), how I process life is through the lens that I just mentioned. It’s never been money or screwing biddies on the low, fame, fortune, it’s never been any of that. It’s always been impact on people. Just positive impact on people. And the kind of impact that I want to make on people, is the kind that I was made for, the kind that everyone was made for. Again, I find that in the Bible. My succinct answer would be to quote Jesus himself, in how he summed up the entire Bible: "Love the Lord, your God with all of your heart, soul, mind, strength” and “Love your neighbor as yourself”. This is what I’m building my life on.

3. I want to create things, I want to be a creator. From businesses to inventions to robots. I just wanna build things and solve problems. That’s like an innate desire of mine, and it’s been like that for a long time. And I know that in doing that, I’m being an imitator of God. I believe I was made in the image of God, and one of the strongest attributes of Him that I see most strongly in my life is the ability and desire to create and solve problems. I have a huge heart for the developing world. Visiting Zambia really changed my perspective. Before Zambia I wanted to be a computer engineer and build artifical intelligence systems for the military, but after seeing how little other people have (I know this can sound cliche) I felt that my time was best spent working to help others than to get more and more for myself when I already have more than I need. I mean, a large salary is nice, but why not spend your time empowering those less fortunate and marginalized?