---
layout: post
title:  No. 12
date:   2015-02-20
categories: 
---

1. I don't know, I guess everything happens for a reason. You have to work for everything you want, you have to create your own opportunities. You can't complain because someone always has it worse than you. No matter your upbringing, you have the same opportunities, because it's up to you to create them. I would quote Ghandi, but it would just seem too cliche - "Be the change that you want to see in the world". So I would just say amen to that. Also, I think you should travel as much as you can in life.

2. It would be the point where you kind of have a skill that you've mastered. It will sort of define who you are. I don't only want to make bank, I want to be happy. Looking back I want to see that I took the right path. I want to be happy with what I'm doing in my career and actually be making an impact on others. I don't know... when my name is said I want people to say, "Yea, that guy's really good at that thing". I want to be respected while doing what I want to do, and do it well.

3. Definitely be... in a career that I'm satisfied in, so that it doesn't feel like work, that challenges me. I want to directly impact people positively. I want to be happy in my personal life. I want to be relaxed, kind of, and I want to be healthy. Like, not on drugs, I'm about the healthy life style. I want to have traveled to every continent except Antarctica, just really travel as much as I can. I want to have an interesting life, do new things every day. And also, I want to have a memorable time, so that I can really look back and see a lot of great experiences, expecially in my twenties. That's all I got for now, let's go with that.