---
layout: post
title:  No. 9
date:   2015-02-16
categories: 
---

1. I think that the thing I value most in life is free will. I think that people should be able to make their own decisions without interference from anybody else. A lot of people ask why I say this (I'm libertarian), but I'm just scared of being controlled. I don't like the idea of being controlled, and I don't want the government controlling my decisions. I'd honestly have an anarchy rather than a communist institution. An example gay marriage. I support the legalization of it, but I personally don't support it. I wouldn't personally do it and I wouldn't advise someone to do it, because it goes against my religious beliefs, but if some other adult wanted to do it, who am I to say no? That's another thing, it's sort of like playing God. If people ask me if it's right, I'll tell them what I think, but at the end of the day, they're entitled to their own decisions, and I can't force them into not doing something, because that is inhibiting their free will. I feel like a good Christian whould not force people to do things that the Bible tells you  to do, but instead, inform them peacefully and thoroughly why you believe it is right biblically. 

2. I would say, maybe on a more worldly level, financial stability. Not necessarily rich, but living comfortably within my means would be successful. Living a more biblically correct life, closer to what Jesus would do, you know?

3. I think I've already covered my goals in what I've said in the previous question. I kind of want to get involved in politics, maybe purport my view of free will. You can't run a political platform on that, just promote free will through the values and policies that I come up with.