---
layout: post
title:  No. 7
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I think life is, as they say, a marathon. It's a series of events, and moments, and lesson learned, all ending up to be a great experience and whatever you make of it. I think life is meant to be lived like art, I think you should try your best to bring out as much beauty from the world as you can, see as much as you can, share as much of what you have with the world. I think it's really just a journey and every day is just something to experience. Throughout your life you find what you're good at or passionate about so that you can create something that'll allow you to live forever. There are no rules to life. People expect that they're supposed to do this or that at a certain age, but everyone has their own path. That needs to be embraced more. I think the most important thing in life is to love people. Love your family, friends, what you're doing, where you are, what you have already. It's about being appreciative of what you have and not comparing that to what you want, not putting importance on material things or jobs. It's really just about appreciating where you are right now.

2. Success to me, like an overall life success, is being able to sit down, relax, and breathe because I've done all of what I've set out to do - so much so that everything else feels like extra at that point.

3. My goals include everything from... I just want to design as much as possible. Designing as much as possible, living in different countries, getting paid just do art, whatever art I want to do. I want to buy my mom a ranch house. I want to create a mural with inner city kids. I want to show the world the real value of art, allow them to experience art in ways that they've never had before. I'd like to make life as beautiful as possible for as many people as possible. I want to finish building this camera. I want to exercise and eat healthy every single day, find ways to allow healthy eating to people that don't have as easy access to it. I'd like to get my own farm and grow my own food. I want to teach and to create a beautiful family.