---
layout: post
title:  No. 6
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I want to make the world a better place. I think the world is a beautiful place. We just have to learn to support each other, to make it much better than it is today. I think everybody deserves an equal opportunity to be successful. If people are willing to work hard, then I don’t see why others shouldn’t give them that opportunity. What I find today in most of us, is that we are very selfish. We want the best for ourselves. But selfishness doesn’t help in the long run - it might be satisfying in the short run - but in the long run it doesn’t help. If you lose all that you have but you’ve been selfish then you find that there’s no one to help when you’re in need. So why do I say people are selfish today? You find parents who don’t care who their children will grow up to be. They don’t invest. Once the tables turn and the parents grow old, they have no one to fall back on - there is no progress and support in the family. But if the parents are unselfish and willing to support their children as much as possible, and there is progress in the family. Once there is progress in the family, there is progress in the community, and therefore, progress in the nation.

2. My definition of success is when I’m at a point where I am fully independent and I can support my family. That’s it, there’s no greater success than that. That’s success for me.

3. My goals. First I’d like to graduate college. That’s my priority right now - with good grades. I’d like to first work for a company that will help show me how to adapt to a professional setting as opposed to a school setting, to develop my skills much faster, to transfer my skills from school to the workforce. Then I’d like to become a full time entrepreneur. The problem is, I’m torn in between the two - whether to just start my own business during or right after college, or follow through with an employment. My other other goal is to have a family of my own and to be happy with someone else, my better half. I want to have good networks and make good friends, to travel, to enjoy the world.