---
layout: post
title:  No. 5
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I think really positively about life, I try to see the best in people. I see people in terms what they can do, not what they can’t do. I feel like there’s a lot of opportunity. I try to appreciate what I have because I’m fully aware of my situation. I know there a lot of people in the world that don’t have anything close to what I have. You can see this both materially and in other areas, like relationships. I’m a compassionate person, I can understand what people are thinking, so I can understand them better. A lot of things are devastating, but then I know that there’s a lot of joy. Sometimes I see the world in black and white, but other times I see it very vibrantly, like spray paint or graffiti art.

2. I would call myself successful if I influenced people in some way, or something I did had a positive impact. I’m successful if I’m fully self aware. I also want to live for myself and provide for myself. To me success is achieving something I’m proud of, to even the extent of simply getting to class on time, ranging to raising meaningful funds or creating a successful brand.

3. I’d like to understand people from all around the world, and gain perspective on as many cultures as I can. Ultimately I want to be able to understand where people come from and not have prejudice, and in order to do that I have to understand the culture. I want to reach the limit of my creativity and see how far it will take me. I want to be happy. I want to make others happy. I’d also like to stay in love with bæ ;)