---
layout: post
title:  No. 14
date:   2015-02-23
categories: 
---

1. I wrote this really cool thing the other day, let me pull it out. I came up with a good response. It reads, "It feels good to be Richard, he's a happy guy who likes learning things and seeing the world: was pretty lucky to be in charge of this one". It's a bit of a meta perspective, sort of outside of the body, but yeah. I see the world as this big place with different things that can be inspiring in different ways. It's just like this sort of buffet of getting to try out all sorts of activities and experiences. My perspective is pretty cosmological. I see myself as this tiny little thing on this medium sized rock in this huge boundless space. This sort of mentality calms me down and destresses me. It's really cool to be like, stealing a quote, "the universe being aware of itself". I like working really hard, committing to something, that makes me feel really good. I want to change the world, find the best way to impact the most people by doing things.

2. Um, I would be successful if I've been able to okay... well there's a bunch of differnt things. If I could be a mentor in some aspect, there's some success. This is gonna sound bad, but A, I want to be happy with myself. That's a really big thing, and it encompasses all of these different aspects, like health, helping people. I want to make something that other people use, lots of other people use. I want to feel like all of the resources that were put into raising me I will have more than paid back, by doing something useful. And, I want... there's something else, but I forget. I guess, yeah, I want to be able to give lots of money to philanthropy. I want to redistribute wealth. I want to realize a world where no one is suffering or wanting from Mazlow's Heirarchy of Needs.

3. I guess, it kind of springs off from the last question. But I'd like to help lots of people, create something that lots of people use. I'd like to travel a lot, be an inspiration to other people. I want to go to space, that would be really cool. I want to live for a long time, like a really long time. But I want to prioritize people suffering in the world versus not suffering against something like going to space. I guess more in the short term, either getting a job (I haven't had a real job), or starting a company with my friends; so whichever one of those seems to be panning out more successfully. I want to have some kids or adopt them, and teach them about the world. I want to find someone to love, and loves me, stuff like that. Yeah, there it is.