---
layout: post
title:  No. 8
date:   2015-02-16
categories: 
---

1. Life's an adventure. If you take control of what you want to do with your life, it'll be such a wonderful experience. If you know what you want and you take the steps to achieve it then you can do great things and live a very satisfactory life. It's really about having a vision of what you want to be and taking charge to complete yourself.

2. I already feel successful in a many ways. I don't think I'll ever truly be satisifed until I have a monkey and a sailboat. People make arbitrary life goals, and once they achieve them, they say, "Oh I've been working so hard and now I have this task completed", but that doesn't necessarily make you happy. I have a very open-ended view on what i want to be, theres no way I could categorize myself by one definate vision of success. Specifically I want to create a robotics company. That's big for me. But really, I see that as a career goal, and a life goal to, but I couldn't just have that and be happy. I wouldn't feel alive if I didn't have a sense of adventure.

3. Find happiness. Just lasting happiness, really. I want to create something that people will say "wow, that's cool", that's one of the biggest things. I want to inspire people with technology. I definitely want to be free and never feel nailed down to things because of money, allow myself to travel the world really, have major adventures, meet awesome people, and... a monkey. There are a lot of things that I think would be great to work on, but it depends on what I end up focusing on. For example, changing the education system woudl really improve things for a lot of people. Changing the political climate too, I feel like there needs a much more logical and fast-paced political system, a different political climate. Those are my thoughts on the US. It doesn't seem like things are being done in a very planned or logical way.