---
layout: post
title:  No. 4
date:   2015-02-14
categories: 
---

1. I see that there’s a lot of chaos, a lot of wars, a lot of conflict. I don’t want to be too pessimistic, but yeah, there’s a lot. There’s also a lot of injustice. I’m in a position of privilege where I don’t have to deal with as much poverty, and war, etc… so it’s tricky to judge. I would say I am lucky to be in the position that I am. Right now, I feel that I’m not contributing improving the overall situation of the world. There is a dual purpose: one is to get by, and the other to improve things. And since I’m an engineer I guess I can contribute to the wellness of the world but right now it’s not happening. I’m still a student and I’m still figuring out how to graduate and get by, and I have to do this before I move on. But definitely at some point I want to contribute back to society.

2. I would say that I am successful, because I don’t think that I’ve failed. I’d say that I’m succeeding. I am here at the university and I’m part of the PhD program. I’m progressing towards my goals, so I can see myself as successful. I mean, I don’t have a million dollars, but I think I’m successful. You don’t have to be rich to be successful. I’m always at the edge because I’d like to do better, but I’m optimistic about things improving overall.

3. Finish my PhD. That’s my first priority. I’d like to have a career in which I can make creative things, interesting things. I want to have time for my family, visit interesting places, interesting people. I’d like to have some security for retirement, so that when I can no longer work I can still continue living a peaceful life. I hope not to become a burden to my family and society, to still be able to sustain myself.